---
layout: default
title:  "Safety.txt"
tags: About
---

# 🚩 IMPORTANT NOTES:

* Please make sure that your 4WD vehicle has 4H and 4L settings. AWD vehicles are not a real 4x4.
* Please make sure that your vehicle is in good working condition. (We will provide technical assistance for any basic issues. However, we will not be able to handle repairs).
* Don't forget to come with a full tank of petrol.
* Seatbelts for all vehicle passengers is required at all times.

It is recommended to bring your own water, drinks, and snacks during the driving parts of the trip. Your own food is also required at the stationary spot. Any personal items such as medications (if required).
Camping equipment and swimming attire.

Off-roading is a bumpy ride, if you, or any of your passengers, have a weak stomach, plan your meals ahead, and get some extra bags for your convenience.

Recovery equipment if available (e.g. tire gauge, compressor, straps, shovels, walkie talkie, etc.).

# 🚩 DISCLAIMER:
In participating in an event, you hereby agree and acknowledge that:

Off-roading can be a hazardous activity and my participation with White Hat Desert 2023 is entirely at my own risk and responsibility; Marshals organisers and other individuals who may be assisting us during the drive will be doing so on a voluntary basis. In the unlikely event of any death, injury damage, theft or any other loss or liability whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, which may arise out of such assistance or service is at my own risk and responsibility and no liability to White Hat Desert Rally and any Marshal or member. No claims shall be raised by me or by my representatives against White Hat Desert Rally or Marshals, and/or other members and volunteers in respect of the above.
